Langgraph:
    it is an open-source framework for building LLM-based applications

    in agentic-ai, langgraph helps us to build agents that can 
        think
        make decision
        use tools or APIs
        take actions
    
    graphs represents the workflows:
        Node:
            in langgraph where ever task or action is happening or tool is getting used __..__
        Edge:
            connection between any two nodes is by using edges
        State:
            carrying the information from one node to other

            it also carries the information from the previous nodes.

            requirement of state: it ensures the system can remember past actions, inputs or decisions and can use that memory in the future steps
        
        
Langgraph uses:
    it is designed for complex workflows which include
        branching logic
        fallback mechanisms: fallback mechanisms are important for reliability and user satisfaction
        multi-step decisions

    important things in langgraph are:
        node
        edges
        state
        state machine
            it acts like the decision making system.
            
            every edge has a condition that need to be true to get forward with that path
            
            so state machine evaluates the conditions on the necessary branches and proceed with the suitable branch.


Tools:
    tools are the external funcitonality

    even if we have extra funcitonality in terms of function we should wrap with the Tools.


Multi-agent:
    problems with single agent:
        when using same agent with multiple tools then agent can pick wrong tool

        And even it will be slow


    with multiagent the task will be deligated to the specific agent so that there is no ambiguity or error

    the system performance will also be improved.


    refer the ways in which multi-agents can interact[multi-agent-interaction]
        single agent: LLM will decide if it needs to use tool and which tool to use.

        Network: 
            every agent is connected with all other agents

        supervisor:
            supervisor agent is connected to all other agents

        supervisor(agents as tools): 
            llm decides which agent to pick

        custom: we can decide which agents can share the information

    in multi-agent system nodes are agents

    each agent performs a task and handsoff control over to other agent.
    
    when handing off a task to an agent we handoff using Command class, with two arguments
        goto -> name of the agent
        update -> any text for the user understanding


Agentic + RAG:
    problems with standard llms are
        they can't access new information as they don't know information that they are not trained on.

        These models don't work well  with private data.

        They hallucinate: they generate false or misleading information as they don't fact check in real time.

    These problems can be addressed by fine-tuning, retraining with new data but this take alot of compute and time.

    So other way is that RAG

    Retrival:
        it searches the external knowledge like urls, books, articles.

    Augumentation:
        the query and the data fetched will be passed to next stage.

    Generation(LLM):
        LLM will generate response based on the context retrived.


    RAG help us to have the dynamic and robust content included in the LLM response generation
