AI Limitations:
    AI is useful but it can't learn on its own. 

    AI detects patterns(keywords, outlines...) and decide 

    Traditional AI can't update the rule set, it needs human intervention and retraining to handle new cases. 


Agentic AI:
    Agentic AI is a type of AI that can make decisions and act on its own.

    It can handle Complex and Unpredictable situations.

    it can Adapt and learn over time. 



Agentic AI vs Traditional AI in shopping recommendation system

Traditional AI:
    suggest products based on past behavior

    recommends similar items

    doesn't adapt to sudden changes in user preferences


Agentic AI:
    Adapts to real-time data like discount, real time deals and location. 

    learns from user interactions and changing preferences
    
    provides personalized recommendations

    it can also notify when something in your cart is going to be out of stock or something you would like to checkout is on flash sale.


Generative AI:
    creates new data that doesn't come up in the training data.

    GANs can generate real faces.

    it just generate content but doesn't take any decisions or actions


Generative AI + Agentic AI:
    Advertising and marketing:
        Agentic: Analyze customer data to decide which ads to show

        Generative AI:  creates personalized ad content based on customer preferences

    Customer support chatbots:
        Agentic Al: Decides the best action to take in customer support

        Generative Al: Creates personalized responses based on the conversation.
        
        If a customer asks a tricky question, Agentic Al determines the next step, while Generative Al generates an appropriate, personalized response.


Agents:
    Agent is something which can perceive things and reason from the situation and can act idenpendtly

    Step-1: Understand user's behaviour
        in ecommerce we can analyse the customer pattern using his viewed history, purchase history and the demographics data etc.
    Step-2: Decides what to recommend
        we can use the analysis information to recommend the items using algorithms like collaborative filtering, content based filtering
    Step-3: taking action

        show similar items


LLM Agents:
    it relies on Largge language models for recommendation.

    They are designed to work with Natural language processing and to process the text input

    They are systems that can read, understand and respond to the user in a conversational way

    Step-1: Understand user's query
        Example: Query: "Tell me the weather of Delhi today."
        intent: Get weather data, entity: Delhi
    Step-2: Decides what needs to be done to answer the user's query
        Example: Agent decides to use weather API to fetch the weather details.
    Step-3: taking action
        Example: Agent will get the weather data from weather API in raw format.

        and show the user the output in human readable way



Types of AI agents:
    Simple reflex agents:
        basic type of agents
        only react to current situation,
        doesn't have memory don't plan, it just react

        example simple if-else type:
            automatic door
            automatic light
    Model based reflex agents:
        a little smarter one that simple reflex agent
        it has memory included
        instead of reacting to what's happening right now it also considers the memory
    Goal based agents:
        it plans in addition to both reacting and remembering

        it has a goal in mind it choses action that help acheive the goal

        example:
            gps navigation
            flight booking assistant

        They are flexible and can replan if the environment changes and they think before they act

        it can also check which information is still missing and ask for those
    utility-based agents
        doesn't just reach the goal but try to optimize the way.

        so it considers all the ways and maximize the utility.

        utility is a measure of how good and useful the response is. for this it uses a utility function to score the outcome.

        They are great at making decision smart decisions in uncertain situations.

            example: self-driving car during rains
                instead of considering only the way it also considers

                which path is less slippery,
                it there traffic ahead,

                home much battery does the car have eft?
            and picks the safest, more efficient, more reliable under given environment
    learning agents
        gets better over time by learning from own experiences

        it watches what happens after it takes an action and then use that feedback to get better



Buidling a simple reflex agent:
    a cleaner bot which simply cleans if the room is dirty or else move to next room.

    imaging having 4 rooms.

    each step(one cycle where the agent) :
        1. check current room
        2. decide what to do
        3. perform the action
        4. update the environment

Buidling a Goal-based agent using Langchain:
    a medical appointment scheduler
    goal: book an appointment

    we are building job application assistant
        goal: take up full name, email and skills and then reply with thanks, you're all set.

    For using langgraph we need tools
        Tools are nothing but functions wrapped with Tool wrapper
        These tools require descirption from which llm will decide which tool to use.
    
Reinforcement learning:
    Agent: it is the main player. Its tasks are
        observe it's environment(states)
        take action
        the environment gives the feedback
        agent learn from the feedback and adjust its future decisions to get more rewards.

    Agent can't control environment it can only control its actions.

    environment is something where agents lives and work upon.And it gives feedback in form of feedback or penality

    state is that current situation of the environment

    Action will be chosen based on the stretegy, called policy.

Policy:

    policy is the agents plan or stretegy that tells the agent what is the best action to take in the given state.

    Types of policy:
        Deterministic policy: always choose the same action for the given state
        Stochastic policy: it calculates the probability and then choose the one which maximizes the expected rewards

    
Value function:
    Bellman equation: V(s): E(phi)[R + (gamma)V(s')]

    value funciton determines the next step 

    V(s) - Value of current state
    R - immediate reward for current action
    Y - Discount factor (how much we care about future rewards)
    V(s') - Value of next state

    π - Policy
    E - Expectation (average over possible outcomes)

    To determine the next step using bellman equation agent should be aware of the policy, next state, rewards.

    it starts without knowing, then it learns overtime. so you can't use the bellman equation directly.

    so we are going to use learning algorithms like:
        Monte Carlo
        Temporal Difference learning
        Q-learning
    to calculate the value of V(s):



Q-learning algorithm:
    it is a model free Reinforcement learning algorithm

    model: it means that it knows the rewards and the next state after taking action

    model-free means: it doesn't know any thing about environment. it learning from trail and error

    Q(s, a): 
        Q - quality
        s - state
        a - action

    in Q-table: 
        rows represents states and columns represents actions 
        
        the model takes up the action for which the reward is maximum in that particular state.

        the values of the Q-table are updated upon each action taken.

        initially the Q-table values are zero

        Q(s, a) = Q(s, a) + (alpha)[ r + (gamma)max(Q(S', a')) -Q(s, a)]

        where Q(s, a) = current Q-value
            alpha = learing rate
            r = rewards
            gamma = discount
            max(Q(s', a')) = max possible Q-value in the next state

            r + (gamma)max(Q(S', a')) -> indicate the new target the model should aim for

            (gamma)max(Q(S', a')) - Q(s, a) -> error, Difference between what happened and what agent thought

        e-greedy method:
            we will have two steps: explore or exploit: 
            explore: agent randomly picks the action 
            exploit: agent decides to take up the action with maximum Q-value



